

------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Placement Journal 
---

How was the day Warrior?
- [ ] 😋 very
- [ ] 🙂 okay
- [ ] 😒 gotta do more
- [x] 😩 hell naa

# NOTE ✍️
- 1st Journal 
- Not a very productive day, I mean I spent the whole day playing video game
- I just want to say that Valorant has never added anything of worth in my life, just a TIME SUCKER and ENERGY SUCKER. 
- Went through the ==AWAAZ CDC PLACEMENT POST==, the fuck happening with placement its only 35 Btech people from IE who got placed. I'm not the bottom most guy in my dep but I was in CDC intern idk why. I'm better than a lot of guys. 
- Anyone there's no need to compare myself with others, I should focus on myself and should do as much as I can for placements. Its the D day, all this education process I went through JEE Grind IIT the sacrifices was for this, THIS PLACEMENT. So, I must give my 100% focus on this shit. Its either do or die. Shoot for the moon. 
- I want to be disciplined and I want to have a strong positive competitive mindset. I believe in myself I can do it. I've practiced a lot already, I just need to go the extra mile now. 
- ## ==I'm planning to do LEETCODE + CF + Project from now on. 10 questions on leetcode, 2 on CF.== 10 ques on leetcode equals 5 hrs, and 2 CF == 2hrs. So 7 hrs of question practice. Then 3-4 hrs of Project. That means 10-11 hrs of daily study.
- Seems practical to me.
- Lets see

| Work    | Hrs     |
| --- | --- |
| Sleep    | 7hrs    |
| Study | 11 hrs |
| Gym | 2 hrs |
| Left | 4 hrs |

- So those 4 hrs I can give to 1 hr reading and 3 hrs of ideal time maybe rest or spend time with mummy.
- ## So I'll need to subtract few things if I need to do all these 
- 2 hrs I'll have to give to Bhanu. I'll text her in night only, not in the morning since I dont want any distraction. She is also studying abhi ache se so gotta respect that too.
- ==Phone : Biggest Time sucker - Switch off and put aside==\


# Also, I want to incorporate a few habits into my life #habit

1. Wake up before 8 am and bath daily, BATH DAILY 
2. Do not check phone just after waking up, Even Throughout the day try to stay away from phone as much as possible.
3. I MUST NOT THINK MYSELF AS NOT CAPABLE OF ANYTHING, ==I CAN DO ANYTHING. I'VE ALWAYS BEEN A WINNETHROUGHOUTUT MY LIFE.==
4. Be Proactive, not a lazy fuck

------------------------------------------------------------------------




